# Stammer-Detection-model
A speech disorder known as stuttering is characterised by the repetition of sounds, syllables, or words; prolongation of sounds; and blocks—interruptions in speech. A person who stutters is fully aware of what they want to say but struggles to deliver it in a natural manner. These pauses in speech may be accompanied by signs of struggle, like rapid blinking of the eyes or trembling of the lips. Communication difficulties brought on by stuttering frequently affect a person's quality of life and interpersonal relationships. Additionally, stuttering can have a negative impact on opportunities and job performance, and its treatment can be very expensive. That is why we are making this project where a person stutters the machine corrects the stammer and then it speaks fluently without any pause or stutter. So basically we will be using apart of artificial intelligence that is machine learning . So what we will do in this project is we will first convert the speech to text now we will tale this text and where ever we see some pauses or if for example a letter is repeated many times then it will be recognized as stutter then the corrected text will then be converted to speech. After this we will try to integrate entire project to website and then as end result we will have a website that helps people who stammer. Most of the project will be done using python language. But HTML(hyper text markup language), CSS(cascading style sheets), Javascript, Nodejs, expressjs etc will also be required.
